.\" Start URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UR
.  ds m1 \\$1\"
.  nh
.  if \\n(mH \{\
.    \" Start diversion in a new environment.
.    do ev URL-div
.    do di URL-div
.  \}
..
.\" End URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UE
.  ie \\n(mH \{\
.    br
.    di
.    ev
.
.    \" Has there been one or more input lines for the link text?
.    ie \\n(dn \{\
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">"
.      \" Yes, strip off final newline of diversion and emit it.
.      do chop URL-div
.      do URL-div
\c
.      do HTML-NS </a>
.    \}
.    el \
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">\\*(m1</a>"
\&\\$*\"
.  \}
.  el \
\\*(la\\*(m1\\*(ra\\$*\"
.
.  hy \\n(HY
..
.TH ZABBIX_GET 1 "2019\-01\-29" Treegix
.SH NAME
treegix_get \- Treegix get utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B treegix_get \-s
.I host\-name\-or\-IP
.RB [ \-p
.IR port\-number ]
.RB [ \-I
.IR IP\-address ]
.BI \-k " item\-key"
.br
.B treegix_get \-s
.I host\-name\-or\-IP
.RB [ \-p
.IR port\-number ]
.RB [ \-I
.IR IP\-address ]
.B \-\-tls\-connect
.B cert
.B \-\-tls\-ca\-file
.IR CA\-file
.RB [ \-\-tls\-crl\-file
.IR CRL\-file ]
.RB [ \-\-tls\-agent\-cert\-issuer
.IR cert\-issuer ]
.RB [ \-\-tls\-agent\-cert\-subject
.IR cert\-subject ]
.B \-\-tls\-cert\-file
.IR cert\-file
.B \-\-tls\-key\-file
.IR key\-file
.BI \-k " item\-key"
.br
.B treegix_get \-s
.I host\-name\-or\-IP
.RB [ \-p
.IR port\-number ]
.RB [ \-I
.IR IP\-address ]
.B \-\-tls\-connect
.B psk
.B \-\-tls\-psk\-identity
.IR PSK\-identity
.B \-\-tls\-psk\-file
.IR PSK\-file
.BI \-k " item\-key"
.br
.B treegix_get \-h
.br
.B treegix_get \-V
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B treegix_get
is a command line utility for getting data from Treegix agent.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-host\fR \fIhost\-name\-or\-IP\fR"
Specify host name or IP address of a host.
.IP "\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR \fIport\-number\fR"
Specify port number of agent running on the host.
Default is 10050.
.IP "\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-source\-address\fR \fIIP\-address\fR"
Specify source IP address.
.IP "\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-key\fR \fIitem\-key\fR"
Specify key of item to retrieve value for.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-connect\fR \fIvalue\fR"
How to connect to agent. Values:\fR
.SS
.RS 12
.TP 12
.B unencrypted
connect without encryption (default)
.RE
.RS 12
.TP 12
.B psk
connect using TLS and a pre-shared key
.RE
.RS 12
.TP 12
.B cert
connect using TLS and a certificate
.RE
.RE
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-ca\-file\fR \fICA\-file\fR"
Full pathname of a file containing the top-level CA(s) certificates for peer certificate verification.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-crl\-file\fR \fICRL\-file\fR"
Full pathname of a file containing revoked certificates.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-agent\-cert\-issuer\fR \fIcert\-issuer\fR"
Allowed agent certificate issuer.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-agent\-cert\-subject\fR \fIcert\-subject\fR"
Allowed agent certificate subject.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fR \fIcert\-file\fR"
Full pathname of a file containing the certificate or certificate chain.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-key\-file\fR \fIkey\-file\fR"
Full pathname of a file containing the private key.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-psk\-identity\fR \fIPSK\-identity\fR"
PSK\-identity string.
.IP "\fB\-\-tls\-psk\-file\fR \fIPSK\-file\fR"
Full pathname of a file containing the pre-shared key.
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display this help and exit.
.IP "\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Output version information and exit.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
\fBtreegix_get \-s 127.0.0.1 \-p 10050 \-k "system.cpu.load[all,avg1]"\fR
.br
\fBtreegix_get \-s 127.0.0.1 \-p 10050 \-k "system.cpu.load[all,avg1]" \-\-tls\-connect cert \-\-tls\-ca\-file /home/treegix/treegix_ca_file \-\-tls\-agent\-cert\-issuer "CN=Signing CA,OU=IT operations,O=Example Corp,DC=example,DC=com" \-\-tls\-agent\-cert\-subject "CN=server1,OU=IT operations,O=Example Corp,DC=example,DC=com" \-\-tls\-cert\-file /home/treegix/treegix_get.crt \-\-tls\-key\-file /home/treegix/treegix_get.key
.br
\fBtreegix_get \-s 127.0.0.1 \-p 10050 \-k "system.cpu.load[all,avg1]" \-\-tls\-connect psk \-\-tls\-psk\-identity "PSK ID Treegix agentd" \-\-tls\-psk\-file /home/treegix/treegix_agentd.psk\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.UR
Documentation
.UE
.PP
.BR treegix_agentd (8),
.BR treegix_proxy (8),
.BR treegix_sender (8),
.BR treegix_server (8)
.SH AUTHOR
Alexei Vladishev <alex@treegix.com>
